.. -*- coding: utf-8-with-signature-unix; fill-column: 77; indent-tabs-mode: nil -*-

We got hacked.
==============

… but our customers didn't
==========================

At LeastAuthority, our mission is to put everyone's data under his or her own
control. Our storage technology and business are fundamentally different from
the common alternatives because we *never* ask our customers to relinquish
control of their files to us. Instead, our service comes with end-to-end
cryptographic protections which prove to our customers that their files are
never exposed to us, nor to anyone who might compromise our organization's
security.

Last month, that happened.

It all started when my primary laptop refused to boot up on the morning of
$DATE. This wasn't too surprising — my primary laptop is a Google Chromebook
Pixel on which I've installed an open source Ubuntu operating system, and I'm
used to the difficulties of running a customized Linux distribution on a
fancy laptop.

It would later turn out that a depleted battery had led to the loss of boot
settings stored in its CMOS, and I was able to restore it to full
functionality, but I didn't know that yet. All I knew on $DATE was that my
primary laptop wouldn't boot, so I switched to my backup laptop and posted a
complaint on Google Plus where the Google Chromebook engineers were likely to
take pity on me and help me out.

As it turned out, the Google Chromebook engineers did eventually take notice
of my post and help me out, but I suspect that someone else took notice, too,
because the next day the attacker who had secretly infiltrated our
organization chose to strike.

At $DATE and $TIME, I received a text message from our office manager,
Jessica [XXX link to about_us/Jessica]. "" I logged in to XXX. Alarmed, XXX FUCK.
